# en_US
useUWW=1
base=10
separator.symbol=,
separator.interval=3
separator.decimal=.
separator.dsymbol= 
fontScale=1
offset=1
loading=Loading...
font.menu=Alegreya
font.menu.path=Alegreya/Alegreya-Regular.ttf
font.bossName=Titillium Web
font.bossName.path=Titillium_Web/TitilliumWeb-Regular.ttf
font.dialogue=PT Mono
font.dialogue.path=PTMono/PTM55FT.ttf
font.charIntro=Alegreya
font.charIntro.path=
menu.main.start=Start
menu.main.extra=Extra
menu.main.practice=Practice
menu.main.spell=Spell Practice
menu.main.replay=Replay
menu.main.scores=Scores
menu.main.musicRoom=Music Room
menu.main.manual=Manual
menu.main.character=Characters
menu.main.options=Options
menu.main.quit=Quit
menu.stagePrefix=Stage 
menu.stageSuffix=
character.c0.title=The Last Protector
character.c0.name=Elssecisso Rencron
character.c1.title=Light Magician
character.c1.name=Esel Rygen
character.c2.title=Scientist of Vanar
character.c2.name=Vija
replay.c0=Rencron
replay.c1=Rygen
replay.c2=Vija
replay.a=A
replay.b=B
difficulty.d0.label=A Clear Sky
difficulty.d0.label2=Easy Mode
difficulty.d0.description=For those afraid of rain
difficulty.d1.label=An Overcast Day
difficulty.d1.label2=Normal Mode
difficulty.d1.description=For most people
difficulty.d2.label=A Light Rain
difficulty.d2.label2=Hard Mode
difficulty.d2.description=For skilled players
difficulty.d3.label=The Downpour
difficulty.d3.label2=Very Hard Mode
difficulty.d3.description=For people who like rain
difficulty.d4.label=Flash Flood
difficulty.d4.label2=Intense Mode
difficulty.d4.description=For people who love to die
difficulty.d5.label=Iheseth
difficulty.d5.label2=Extra Mode
difficulty.d5.description=Complete and total destruction
difficulty.d6.label=Eredai
difficulty.d6.label2=Phantasm Mode
difficulty.d6.description=A second beginning
replay.d0=Easy
replay.d1=Normal
replay.d2=Hard
replay.d3=VeryHard
replay.d4=Intense
replay.d5=Extra
replay.d6=Phantasm
character.unfocusedLabel=Unfocused Shot: 
character.focusedLabel=Focused Shot: 
character.spellLabel=Spell Card: 
character.c0.a.label=Guard Type
character.c0.a.unfocused=Bloodthirsty Silver Arrows
character.c0.a.focused=Steel Arrows
character.c0.a.spell="Fantastic Great Sword"
character.c0.b.label=Earth Type
character.c0.b.unfocused=Spiked Seed Formation
character.c0.b.focused=Wily Salamander
character.c0.b.spell=Leaf Sign "Leaf-Ejecting Wind"
character.c1.a.label=Light Type
character.c1.a.unfocused=Solar Prominence
character.c1.a.focused=Shining Mirror
character.c1.a.spell=Light Sign "Mystic Beam"
character.c1.b.label=Rainbow Type
character.c1.b.unfocused=Unknown Prism
character.c1.b.focused=Double Rainbow Flying Scroll
character.c1.b.spell="Colorful Light Seal"
character.c2.a.label=Wind Type
character.c2.a.unfocused=Indiscriminate Hurricane
character.c2.a.focused=Enemy Detector
character.c2.a.spell="East Wind, West Wind"
character.c2.b.label=Electric Type
character.c2.b.unfocused=
character.c2.b.focused=
character.c2.b.spell="Vengeful Charged Shooting in Eight Directions"
stgf.hiscore=HiScore
stgf.score=Score
stgf.power=Power
stgf.radius=Radius
stgf.value=Value
stgf.trance=Trance
stgf.trance.suffix=%
stgf.trance.activated=Trance Start!
boss.b0.title=Resident of the Lost Caves
boss.b0.name=Ceri
boss.b0.tlname=Ceri

dialogue.c0=Rencron
dialogue.c1=Rygen
dialogue.c2=Vija
dialogue.b0=Ceri

stage.s1.title=Entrance under the Thorny Brambles

music.m0.title=Sealed Mountain Above the Clouds
music.m0.sub=The title theme.
music.m0.description=Complete!

options.on=ON
options.off=OFF
options.music=BGM Volume
options.sound=SE Volume
options.effcut=Effect Cut
options.language=Language...
options.reset=Reset
options.exit=Back to Title
options.separator= Â· 